__*Jack of All Trades, Master of POC, R and Tableau*__ (not a Tableau Lover btw)



#### My Day Job:

Manage and Deliver Tableau Projects for Reseller Operations, occasionally for other Business Units too.

##### I'm passionate about connecting pain points to ideas and specialize in implementing quick & dirty solutions. :
+ Designed Tableau wrapper framework in R & javascript that scaffold configuration files into fully functional Tableau embedded web applications in minutes
+ Parse Meta data in Tableau workbook and convert such info into network diagram, which could save 90%+ of time in debugging
+ Logistic Optimization (DC to Point of Sale) for one of Apple Major Customer
+ Geo spatial analysis that overlays supply info with demographic info


However, deploying applications in R is much more difficult than I thought (for many reasons) in Apple, I felt so crippled and decided to complement my toolkit/skill stack as needed.

I have made quite some efforts on preparing myself into other technologies & architecture design thoughts, mainly `Apple Internal cloud infrastructures/apis, Python, Docker, ElasticSearch (ES), Airflow and Redis`.
 
Below are list of accomplishments:
+ A mini search engine with google like interface that leverage ES to index various meta data generated by my team. For example: formulas embedded in Tableau workbook, query executed, free form text in our ticketing system, DDL in `Teradata`. This could turn hours of discovery work into minutes if not seconds.
+ Set up `Airflow` and built many custom operators to improve reliability and reusability of our ETL workflow, redefine how my team could move data. For example: reading data from Teradata, transform it and push to Tableau Server as .hyper file and send log to chat tool.
+ `Flask`-based services that enable business user to have more options to get curated dataset compared to just Tableau & excel feeders. Advanced user can call api to feed into their scripts too.
+ Custom `Tableau Extension` (Banner with consistent look and feel and scaffold from just one api call) that display upstream dependency status, data source of dashboard (via calling Tableau Restful API) and ticket management integration
+ A `Dash` based application that allows business to archive business notes/commentary with context, automatically summarize notes and time-machine capability. Enable users to quickly collaborate and feed insights to upper management


`Go, Kubernetes, GraphQL, React/Vue, deck.gl` are the next technologies on my plan to conquer or get beaten up by.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not that fascinated to technologies itself, I just learn on the go and leverage them when they help me solve particular problem(s) ...

(To be continued… Updated as of 2019.3)
